# MZCachetastic (for .net)A very simple to implement static caching mechanism for .net.#NuGetA NuGet package is available from http://nuget.org/packages/MZCachetastic.## IMPLEMENTATION:    // Make sure you scope Cachetastic as you see fit.    protected static Cachetastic Cachetastic = new Cachetastic(TimeSpan.FromMinutes(10));    void DoSomething() {		var result = Cachetastic.Get(key, () => {			return "This is Func-ie";		});        // Now do something with result as you normally would.	}    ## IS IT WORKING:The first use of Cachetastic for the key will execute the Func<T> and store/return the result. Subsequent Get calls to Cachetastic will match on the key (and optionally hashcode) and returned the cached value.## CAVEATS:Cachetastic may not return the cached values if:* The cached value is old (default: 15 minutes).* If the hashcode for the key is different.## REQUIREMENTS:Requires .NET 4 (dependency on ConcurrentDictionary)## LICENSE:(The MIT License)Copyright (c) 2011-2014 Ben Clark-Robinson, ben.clarkrobinson@gmail.comPermission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaininga copy of this software and associated documentation files (the'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, includingwithout limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and topermit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject tothe following conditions:The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall beincluded in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OFMERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANYCLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.